[EN] Create login-as-bot.md (#79)
ScootKit/scnx-docs: docs/custom-bot/login-as-bot.md

# Log-In as Bot

> Send messages, giveaways, and polls with your bot!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View, send and edit messages with your bot!
```
Do not mention unsupported features.

## Features {#features}

- Send messages with embeds, self role elements, images and much more.
- Start a giveaway for your server (not supported yet).
- Create a poll and let your users vote (not supported yet).

> 

Reviewer: Mention editing, viewing messages and more

> 

Reviewer: Add possible ideas and features this might be useful for, including screenshots and descriptions.

## Usage {#usage}

> Visit the [Bot-Log-in page](https://scnx.app/glink?page=bot/login) in your dashboard.

Reviewer: Include requirements, such as having a bot and having the trusted admin permission if applicable

> Your bot needs at least the permissions ``View Channel``, ``Send Messages`` and (if your bot should add/remove roles) ``Manage Roles``.

Reviewer: Also bot needs to be online

> Here you can take several actions - they are explained in more detail below.

Reviewer: Not helpful meta sentence. Please either link specific sections or features.

## Send a message {#send-a-message}

Select the channel on the left side where you want to send the message, then click on the 'Send message' button to send a new message.
You are now in the message editor, where you can customize your message as you wish (as with almost all message editors in SCNX).

You can find a detailed description for all the features of the message editor in the section [Message editor](#message-editor).

Once you are done, send your message and the bot will send it to your selected channel.

## Edit a message {edit-a-message}

To edit a message from your bot, select the channel on the left side, search for the corresponding message and click on the blue 'Edit message' button.
This will open the message editor, where you can customize your message.

You can find a detailed description for all the features of the message editor in the section [Message editor](#message-editor).

When you are done, click on the 'Edit message' button and your message will be edited in Discord.

> ## Start a giveaway (not supported yet) {start-a-giveaway}
> 
> In the future, this feature will allow you to start giveaways directly from your dashboard without having to activate the [giveaway module](https://docs.scnx.xyz/docs/custom-bot/modules/community/giveaways).
> 
> ## Start a poll (not supported yet) {#start-a-poll}
> 
> In the future, this feature will allow you to start polls directly from your dashboard without having to activate the [polls module](https://docs.scnx.xyz/docs/custom-bot/modules/community/polls).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove unsupported features

## Message editor {#message-editor}

> 

Reviewer: add image showing the editor

### Edit message text {edit-message-text}

> 

Reviewer: add image showing the message content

Normal message text is useful for simple, clear messages that don't need a lot of structure.

> To edit the 'normal' message text, click in the message field and edit your text.

Reviewer: what is the normal text? it's just the message content, please rephrase

You can mention channels and roles using the ``@`` symbol (or use the Discord format instead), the emoji symbol opens the emoji selection, and the button on the right takes you to the [Discord Formatting](https://docs.scnx.xyz/docs/discord-formatting) documentation.

:::info Mention users/roles/channels using the Discord format
If you want to mention users, roles, or channels manually, you can do this (in addition to the SCNX UI) using the Discord format - you can find all the information about that in [this article](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID) from Discord.
:::

### Add embeds {#add-embeds}

> 

Reviewer: Please add image

An embed allows you to structure your message more clearly and make it more appealing.

To add an embed to your message, click on the 'Add Message Embed' field - then you can configure the following things:

- Title: Heading of the embed
- Color: Changes the color of the border on the left side
- Description: Main text of the embed
- Embed images: Adds an embed/thumbnail image to the embed
- Embed fields: Adds individual fields to your embed
- Embed author: Adds a name, URL, and icon to the top of the embed
- Embed footer: Edit the footer of your embed ('Professional' plan required)

> 

Reviewer: add images showing each part in an example

You can add up to ten embeds per message.

### Add images {#add-images}

> To attach an image to your message, click on the 'Attach images' button - then you can either select an image that has already been uploaded or upload a new one from your device.

Reviewer: Mention storage information

You can add up to five images per message.

### Add self-role buttons {add-self-role-buttons}

> 

Reviewer: show this in action with an image!
